oh it's about to start
ready ready popcorn but nachos she
prepare with red licorice all right it's
time we made a new movie good idea Scoob
but first we need a trailer oh can you
do the trailer guy voice let me give it
a shot in the world destroyed by evil
discover the epic origin story the
greatest team of heroes
of mystery nailed it
[Music]
hi this mangy stray is coming with me
he's not a stray okay then what's his
name his name's you Scooby middle name
doobie last name do would always be
without you laughing I love it never
take it off maybe don't do that again
I'm Fred this is Velma hi and that's
Daphne hey I'm Shaggy and this is
scooby-doo nice to meet you
I
[Music]
No
whoa whoa whoa Shaggy and Scooby were
taken do you realize where we are no
look a real man the clean modernist
thing the cool-blue color palette
we're in Mikey oh did you say I can't
nope I said well can't you just like you
maybe this can lead us to Scooby and
Shaggy trace amounts of moustache oil
twelve-year-old scotch
it's the bad guy my dad
[Music]